Glossary: argument to ascii (#28718)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/mime/index.md

{{GlossarySidebar}}

> **MIME** "Multipurpose internet mail extensions" is a standard to describe documents in other forms besides ASCII text, e.g. audio, video, and images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MIME** (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) is a standard to describe documents in other forms besides ASCII text, for example, audio, video, and images.
```
